## Q1-1(Array of Matching Pairs):

The general idea would be to sort the books and then match the covers using a searching algorithm. To first sort the books we could use an algorithm like quicksort which would seem to be practical in this problem: mostly because working top down vs bottom up seems more reasonable. So for this, we'd start by grabbing an "average" sized book as a pivot; we'd then put any book greater than the pivot in the right pile and any book less than the pivot into the left pile. We would do this same process for the left and right piles, finding a pivot and then placing them into groups based on their size compared to the pivot. This would continue until all of the books are sorted. It's worth noting that this is based on the size of book, so it could be something like surface area. Next, to match covers we could use a binary search algorithm. We'd start in the middle of the books, depending on whether or not the cover is bigger than the book, we would go to the middle of the left/right sub-arrays. We would continue this process until the book and cover are matched. The sorting algorithm would have a worst case runtime of n log n and the searching would be log n.

## Q1-2(Plateau Valley Array):

The general idea for generating a pleateau valley array woud be to start by checking every two elements to make sure the every even index(0, 2, ...) is smaller than the odd index, and then swapping if they're not. Then, we could go loop through indexes 2x (0, 6, 12) where the first and last element must be greater than the middle element. There'd be one more step required but that'd roughly be it, as seen below.
